PersonasPersona 1:Name: JackAge: 21Status: SingleLocation: Hamburg, GermanyArchetype: The studentGoals:1.	Spend less money on roaming charges when travelling with friends.2.	Explore clubs without losing track of his friends whereabouts.Frustrations:1.	Spending a huge amount of his annual income on paying roaming charges when he is travelling just to communicate with friends who are within a close range.Personality:ExtrovertRisktakerRelies on feeling more than thinkingUse of Technology:Jack is a fluent user of all forms of technology. Out of all, he spends most of his time chatting on his Android phone.Bio:Jack is a Music student at the University of Hamburg. He is in his 3rd year and loves to enjoy life. He works part-time at a music studio near his university to make some money. Whenever Jack gets a short break from university, he travels with his friends to Ibiza or Majorca. There they go clubbing every night. When they travel, given how crowded the place gets, he sometimes loses track of the whereabouts of his friends. This leads to Jack having to send constant messages to his friends in order to locate them. Annually Jack’s roaming bills tend to take up approximately 35% of his income.Persona 2:Name: RaviAge: 31Status: MarriedLocation: Yukon, CanadaArchetype: The architectGoals:1.	Communicate with people across the construction zone in order to supervise people and inform them what to do and what not to do.Frustrations:1.	Having no Wifi or Cell-phone coverage in many of his construction zones.2.	Having to constantly run from one end to another or scream to inform his co workers what steps to take.3.	Worsening throat condition due to the constant screaming.Personality:Perfect mix between extrovert and introvertNot a risk takerThinkerOpenminded Use of Technology:Ravi spends most of his time on site. He tend to use his mobile a lot and is well versed with mobile technology. He is openminded and is ready to adapt to any technology if it makes his life easier.Bio:Ravi is an architect. He lives in Yukon, Canada and works on various forest development projects. Usually his work sites are an hour away from Yukon and tends to have poor or no cell-phone reception. Ravi’s job involves instructing his colleagues who are working on different aspects of the project and getting them to do their job perfectly. In this process, Ravi ends up having to walk from one end to the other end of the site or between floors constantly. Sometimes when he feels lazy, he shouts which has eventually led to him having chronic throat problems. Ravi loves his family a lot but usually is unable to speak to them once he gets back from work due to a weak throat caused due to the constant workplace chatter.Persona 3:Name: MarthaAge: 78Location: Toronto, ON, CanadaArchetype: The elder personGoals:1.	Communicate with nurses and staff in the old age home who are catering to other elderly people without having to pay monthly for a cell-phone plan.2.	Cancel her cell-phone plan because it is getting too expensive for her.Frustrations:1.	She has to pay monthly for a cell phone plan which is taking away money from her lifetime savings when the only person she has to communicate with is her nurse and other staff.2.	When she didn’t have a phone, she would have to simply wait for someone to come before she could divulge her problem.Personality:ExtrovertOpenminded Use of Technology:Martha used to use an old cellphone. She is fluent with texting and calling on that. Recently she bought a new Android phone. Ever since, she has been learning how to message and call on that. She found it very hard to use facebook because of the complicated process of having to open it, login etc. She is willing to learn how to use new technologies that have a clear UI and can be used in as many minimum steps as possible.Bio:Martha is a retired bank-teller. She moved into the old age home when she was 72. Ever since, she spends a lot of her time reading. Whenever she can, she gets hold of the staff and begins talking to them. She enjoys the conversations they have as it is the primary source of entertainment for her apart from reading. Recently she started facing monetary issues and wants to cutback on all unnecessary costs. One of her major costs is that of her cell phone plan. She is having the hard time of deciding whether to cancel the plan and give up the fun she has texting her nurses all day, whilst saving money, or whether she should keep the plan, retain the benefit and pay the price. She is eagerly waiting for a form of technology that can enable her to communicate with the nurses in the facility while they are catering to other people without having to spend money. 